What is with this guy? There's no stopping him.
Juggernaut!
Juggernaut...
I have to stop the bleeding.
We need to move, fast, before more Infernals come.
Kotatsu-san, you should get away by yourself...
I don't think I can stand up anymore...
I can't feel my left leg... I think it's probably...
There's no way I'm leaving you here!
You should get away from here, quickly...
If you try... to carry a big lug like me with you... it'll slow you down...
It feels like now, at the end, I was as big a man on the inside as on the outside...
Yeah, you were amazing! You defeated a White-Clad all by yourself!
It's all thanks to you... that I was able to avenge Hajiki-senpai...
You gave me courage... You made me a man...
That's why I have no regrets...
I would like to have seen my potato fields back home one last time, though...
But having you watch over me... that seems like asking too much...
I couldn't ask for more than to pass in the Nether... like a potato...
You dummy! You dug your potatoes up, didn't you?!
Potatoes have to last until they're above ground!
Juggernaut...?
I swear I will take Juggernaut back to the surface!
"Episode 21: Enemy Contact"
We're dead! Damn it!
Fire! Fire! He's already dead!
This is the doing of the Evangelist's men.
--Maki was fighting people as dangerous as this? --Not you, too! No!
I assume you had Maki safely supporting the rest of you from the rear?
We had her on the front line as a meat shield, naturally.
You used my sister as a meat shield?!
We're on the battlefield. Please pay attention.
You just told me the most outrageous--
It's just one thing after another.
Now what?
I am Iron, Knight of the Purple Haze! I will burn away you surface scum!
He's a White-Clad.
To announce himself on the battlefield like that,
he must be Arthur levels of stupid.
Hmm? Were those mosquito bites or something?
My gun had no effect. What's going on here?
I have a lot more questions to ask you about Maki. Stay behind me.
Wishful thinking! You cannot even scratch my steely body with that thing!
The squad has gone into complete panic mode.
How many are dead? Lives are being lost way too easily.
Concentrate. Feel the life around you.
Who's there?!
Long time, Shinra Kusakabe.
Dr. Giovanni!
What are you scheming down here in the Nether?!
Was the lab that Detective Oze discovered one of yours?!
How many have you killed?! What are you trying to do?! Answer me!
The lab was nothing more than chum in the water.
And the Fire Force fell for the trap, hook, line, and sinker.
What?!
And now, Shinra Kusakabe,
you will come and join us, along with your brother.
Where is Sho?!
I came customized for combat. Not like anything you've seen before.
What was that?!
I told you, I'm not like anything you've seen before.
This body has an increased affinity with the Insects.
Affinity? What did you... ...do to your body?
I hear the 2nd and the 8th
are conducting a joint large-scale investigation in the Nether.
Are we finally going to find out who the White-Clad are?
Not the Nether again...
Crewman Kusakabe, are you all right?!
Stay out of this.
What do you take people for? What have you done to your body?!
Insect legs?
Damn it, now we're up against monsters?!
Fire! Fire!
Get back, please! I'll take this one!
Evacuating the wounded takes first priority.
I have to draw Dr. Giovanni away.
You insist on protecting the wounded?
Our objective here is you. Why don't you worry about yourself?
If I use my speed to close the distance in a flash and hammer him--
No matter how much faith you place in your speed,
you have to do better than just charge into me.
How did he know what I was thinking?
Hair-pencils.
Organs that only male moths possess, which utilize pheromones.
They are able to release and detect pheromones.
I took this capability, expanded upon it,
and developed the ability to read human emotional and psychological states.
I know what you're thinking. You might say a little bug told me.
What is it with you and Insects? What are those things?!
I'm sure you've heard the theory, right?
About how Insects are an extraterrestrial life form
who landed here as eggs attached to a meteor? Just as that theory states,
the Insects are not of this world.
They are creatures from Adolla.
I have been performing experiments to prove that if you fuse an Adollan Insect
with a human being, they can get closer to Adolla.
You mean you experimented on yourself
to alter your compatibility with Insects and Adolla?!
No need to be impatient; I will show you the results of my experiments!
This is a time for the Knight King himself to bring up the rear.
Take the wounded and find an exit to the surface at once.
Thanks a million.
In battle, I am a one-man army! My sword possessed with a divine frenzy!
He left us.
What does he think bringing up the rear means?
He missed one of them!
Fall back! Fall back!
I won't let you get away with this!
What are you talking about? You're all caught in our trap.
The plasma user...?
Arthur! What are you doing here? What happened to your squad?
The Knight King brought up their rear to let them get away.
Are you sure the "rear" is supposed to come way up here?
Hmph, what does a fool like you know about the rear guard, anyway?
There are now two of you? No matter.
I was just wondering what I was going to do with all these legs.
Please stay behind me! This one is dangerous!
No, you stay behind me!
"Martensite"
He repelled them?
Sergeant, are you sure you even hit him?!
I'm beginning to have doubts about your marksmanship!
You lured Maki over to the Fire Force, when she's not cut out for that work.
Your eye for judging people is as off the mark as your aim.
That steam is out of this world.
He must be a type of third generation pyrokinetic
who uses his pyrokinesis within his body.
That won't work! That won't work!
My steely body is as hard as nails!
Martensite!
Are you kidding me?! What is up with this guy's body?!
His body can repel bullets and smash through pillars.
His body is exceptionally hardened.
Ironclad reasoning! You are correct!
You've heard of the tempering that takes place with metal, right?
By heating metal to a high temperature,
and then rapidly cooling it,
the metal forms an extremely tough martensite structure.
Its hardness is greater than before it was heated.
Using my pyrokinetic abilities, I heat the iron content within me.
Then, by quickly cooling myself, I can manipulate the hardness of my body!
But I am not merely hardened!
In a sense, I have an unyielding, tough-as-steel body!
Hey, Sergeant, are these the kinds of monsters that Maki has been fighting?
We learned man-to-man combat in the military, too.
Man-to-man? Against someone like that?!
If your opponent has joints in his limbs, nothing else about him matters.
Sergeant!
I am a lieutenant with the 8th, now.
Flames! Extra-hard!
We'll come back to Maki later; right now, focus on the enemy in front of us!
At least I wish I could, but I can't until I get some questions answered!
Please try to focus.
You don't understand a thing about Maki! She's a gentle flower garden of a girl!
--Don't drag her into this weirdness! --Try to focus.
The Special Fire Force claims to put lives first,
but what you do at the 8th is simply go berserk with fighting!
I don't want you bunch of barbarians involved with the Oze family!
The 8th is not some pack of berserkers.
I mean, I might be, but the 8th is different.
You're savages who can only do your work through violence.
Watch out! Please step back!
I was right to leave Maki behind!
I'm never letting her get near a situation like this again!
Maki is no longer the delicate girl you think she is, Lieutenant Oze!
No, I'd guess not! Not after being with barbarians like you, Sergeant!
Flames! Extra-crispy-hard!
How long are you going to use that wimpy pea-shooter?
You get it already, don't you?
If I'm going to hit his weak points,
I have to shoot with absolute accuracy, before his guard is up.
Flaming crispy-hard fist!
Shut up! I'm trying to talk about my sister here!
I'm sick of your flames, and I'm going to strip them away!
You're the one who needs to shut up, Lieutenant Oze.
Ricochet Control!
"Ricochet Control"
I don't care how hard you make your body,
you can't harden your joints, too, if you want to move about.
Yeah, that's true. That's why I couldn't be a protector...
...despite being this rock-hard...
If we had left Maki there at the 8th,
she might have become as buff as this guy.
Butt out of the Oze family.
Please try to focus.
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul...
...return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Damn it, there's no end to them.
Juggernaut... I swear, I'm taking you out of here.
I don't see Orochi around. Where is she?
Two more of those pointy hoods?
What's this? There's a straggler.
Girl, are you the one who finished Orochi?
I'm no match!
There's no way I can beat them... I have no choice but to run...
Just me, by myself?
No way! I can't leave Juggernaut behind!
I'm impressed that a nobody like you lasted this long in here.
You must have been saved by something, and lucky enough to live.
Die!
Tamaki! Are you all right?!
Thank God!
Juggernaut...
Way to hang in there! Well done!
Now, stay behind me.
Captain... Hmm, "Captain"?
This saves us some trouble. We were just about to come hunting you.
Bring it on.
Captain of the 8th,
what does an unpowered like you plan to do against us, who can control flames?
Captain Obi, keep back!
Hmph, come back to the Nether when you can make a match's worth of fire!
Whoo!
I train for this!
Every day, until I breathe fire!
Sasori was taken out with one blow.
I beg your pardon. Even without powers, you're still the captain of the 8th.
No matter! I will not go down so easily!
Gwah!
Dosukoi!
Th-They're so strong.
They aren't the captains for nothing.
We were worried when we lost contact with Lieutenant Kagenashi.
I'm glad you're all right.
I was pathetic. All I ever do is have others protect me.
Even now, if you and the others hadn't come along...
Must be your "lucky delivery," huh, Tamaki?
--Wah! I...! I...! --Whoa, I-I'm sorry.
Vulcan-san, that was the wrong call. This isn't the time.
No, survival is what makes the Fire Soldier.
And Tamaki, you are a fine Fire Soldier.
You've lived to thwart the enemy's plans!
Yes, sir!
Attention, all Special Fire Force Company 2 personnel!
All squads, assemble!
I've long been told that the way I run is funny. I've been laughed at.
That's why I hate running! But if I don't run away, I'll get killed...
...by Infernals!
I don't want to die before learning the truth of this world!
So I have to run! Even if I do run funny!
Crewman Tamaki!
Licht-san?!
--Hey, watch your hands! --First lechery, then delivery, then lechery again. She's having a busy day.
--I don't even care about that! My life is saved! --First lechery, then delivery, then lechery again. She's having a busy day.
--I don't even care about that! My life is saved! --If you're gonna get lechered, you could at least be grateful!
Licht, where is Lieutenant Ohana?
Oh, the squad was wiped out. I'm the only one who escaped with his life.
I see.
You got here just in time. Take a look at this.
Not even a moment to catch my breath, huh?
It's a graph of the thermal sensors each squad placed.
Heat sources that I believe to be Infernals are located at regular intervals.
Do mindless Infernals behave in such an orderly fashion?
I can't tell for sure from just this, but it is eerie, huh?
The attacks by Infernals have suddenly stopped, and they've fallen quiet.
The heat energy of Infernals, each lined up at regular intervals...
--The enemy is planning to blow up the Nether facilities! --They're what?!
This is bad! We have to do something fast, or this will be a disaster!
What fools. You did not even know you were being lured right into the Nether.
With my ability, Necro Pyro,
I will sink all of Tokyo into the ground.
I can make up the energy I was lacking
by using the Fire Soldiers that have become Infernals.
They didn't even know they were being lured in,
and now, luckily for us, they waltz on down here in large numbers,
as human bombs.
All that remains now is to secure the Fourth Pillar, Shinra Kusakabe.
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The Tokyo Empire will be laid to waste.
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 22, "Plot for Extinction."
"Episode 22: Plot for Extinction"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org